EE-2210: explained transition from --saveto to --output-dir and increased version number (#137)
EGA-archive/ega-download-client: README.md

Please note that when a file is being saved, it goes through two processes. First, the downloaded file "chunks" are pieced back together to reconstruct the original file. Second, pyEGA3 calculates the checksum of the file to confirm the file downloaded successfully. Larger files will take more time to reconstruct and validate the checksum.

> ### The --saveto argument was renamed to --output-dir

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### --saveto argument is not recognised
```

Reviewer: Suggested to word the section title as the issue, instead of the explanation, to be consistent with previous section titles.

The `--saveto` command-line argument is now called `--output-dir` and, in contrast with the original
`--saveto` argument, one can only specify now an output directory, but not an output file.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

This change was made to improve the user experience and avoid issues caused by supplying a filename where a directory was expected, and vice versa.
```

Thus, the original command, where the `--saveto` argument specified a directory:

```bash
pyega3 -cf </Path/To/CREDENTIALS_FILE> fetch EGAF<NUM> --saveto </Path/To/OutputDirectory>
```

should be rewritten like this:

```bash
pyega3 -cf </Path/To/CREDENTIALS_FILE> fetch EGAF<NUM> --output-dir </Path/To/OutputDirectory>
```

The original command:

```bash
pyega3 -cf </Path/To/CREDENTIALS_FILE> fetch EGAF<NUM> --saveto </Path/To/NewFileName>
```

> where the `--saveto` argument specified a new file-name, cannot be rewritten,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
where the `--saveto` argument specified a new file-name, is no longer supported,
```

because the `--output-dir` argument supports only output directories, but not output files.

> 

Author: For a rendered version, please click here: https://github.com/EGA-archive/ega-download-client/tree/EE-2210-update-faq#the---saveto-argument-was-renamed-to---output-dir
